Add concurrent segment search documentation (#4990)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/profile.md

`post_collection`| Contains the time spent running the aggregation’s `postCollection()` callback method.
`build_aggregation`| Contains the time spent running the aggregation’s `buildAggregations()` method, which builds the results of this aggregation.
`reduce`| Contains the time spent in the `reduce` phase.
`<method>_count` | Contains the number of invocations of a `<method>`. For example, `build_leaf_collector_count` contains the number of invocations of the `build_leaf_collector` method. 

## Concurrent segment search

> Starting with OpenSearch 2.10, you can perform [concurrent segment search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/concurrent-segment-search/), in which each shard-level request will search the segments in parallel during query phase. If you enable the experimental concurrent segment search feature flag, the Profile API response will contain several additional fields with statistics about _slices_.

Reviewer: Apply previous edits.

              "min_collect_count": 1,
              "avg_build_leaf_collector_count": 1,
              "avg_build_leaf_collector": 4321197,
              "max_collect": 181266,
              "reduce": 0,
              "avg_build_aggregation": 954896,
              "min_post_collection": 1236,
              "max_initialize": 11603,
              "max_post_collection": 5350,
              "collect_count": 5,
              "avg_post_collection": 2793,
              "avg_initialize": 4860,
              "post_collection_count": 3,
              "build_leaf_collector": 4322299,
              "min_collect": 78519,
              "min_build_aggregation": 8543,
              "initialize": 11971068,
              "max_build_leaf_collector_count": 1,
              "min_reduce": 0,
              "collect": 181838
            },
            "debug": {
              "total_buckets": 1
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
</details>

### Modified or added response fields

The following sections contain definitions of all modified or added response fields for concurrent segment search.

#### The `query` array

|Field	|Description	|
|:---	|:---	|

> |`time_in_nanos`	|For concurrent segment search, `time_in_nanos` is the cumulative amount of time to run all methods across all slices, in nanoseconds. This is not equivalent to the actual amount of time the query took to run because it does not take into account that multiple slices can run the methods in parallel.	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`time_in_nanos`	|For concurrent segment search, `time_in_nanos` is the cumulative amount of time taken to run all methods across all slices, in nanoseconds. This is not equivalent to the actual amount of time the query took to run because it does not take into account that multiple slices can run the methods in parallel.	|
```

|`breakdown.<method>`	|For concurrent segment search, this field contains the total amount of time taken by all segments to run a method.	|
|`breakdown.<method>_count`	|For concurrent segment search, this field contains the total number of invocations of a `<method>` obtained by adding the number of method invocations for all segments.	|

#### The `collector` array

|Field	|Description	|
|:---	|:---	|
|`time_in_nanos`	|The total elapsed time for this collector, in nanoseconds. For concurrent segment search, `time_in_nanos` is the total amount of time across all slices (`max(slice_end_time) - min(slice_start_time)`).	|
|`max_slice_time_in_nanos`	|The maximum amount of time taken by any slice, in nanoseconds.	|
|`min_slice_time_in_nanos`	|The minimum amount of time taken by any slice, in nanoseconds.	|
|`avg_slice_time_in_nanos`	|The average amount of time taken by any slice, in nanoseconds.	|
|`slice_count`	|The total slice count for this query.	|

> |`reduce_time_in_nanos`	|The amount of time it took to reduce results for all slice collectors, in nanoseconds.	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`reduce_time_in_nanos`	|The amount of time taken to reduce results for all slice collectors, in nanoseconds.	|
```

#### The `aggregations` array

|Field	|Description	|
|:---	|:---	|
|`time_in_nanos`	|The total elapsed time for this aggregation, in nanoseconds. For concurrent segment search, `time_in_nanos` is the total amount of time across all slices (`max(slice_end_time) - min(slice_start_time)`).	|
|`max_slice_time_in_nanos`	|The maximum amount of time taken by any slice to run an aggregation, in nanoseconds.	|
|`min_slice_time_in_nanos`	|The minimum amount of time taken by any slice to run an aggregation, in nanoseconds.	|
|`avg_slice_time_in_nanos`	|The average amount of time taken by any slice to run an aggregation, in nanoseconds.	|
|`<method>`	|The total elapsed time across all slices (`max(slice_end_time) - min(slice_start_time)`). For example, for the `collect` method, it is the total time spent collecting documents into buckets across all slices.	|
|`max_<method>`	|The maximum amount of time taken by any slice to run an aggregation method.	|
|`min_<method>`|The minimum amount of time taken by any slice to run an aggregation method.	|
|`avg_<method>`	|The average amount of time taken by any slice to run an aggregation method.	|

> |`<method>_count`	|The total method count across all slices. For example, for the `collect` method, it is the total number of invocations of this method in order to collect documents into buckets across all slices.	|

Reviewer: Should "in order" be "needed"?

`<method>_count` | Contains the number of invocations of a `<method>`. For example, `build_leaf_collector_count` contains the number of invocations of the `build_leaf_collector` method. 

## Concurrent segment search

Starting with OpenSearch 2.10, you can perform [concurrent segment search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/concurrent-segment-search/), in which each shard-level request will search the segments in parallel during query phase. If you enable concurrent segment search, the Profile API response will contain several additional fields with statistics about _slices_.

A slice is the unit of work that can be executed by a thread. Each query can be partitioned into multiple slices, with each slice containing one or more segments. All the slices can be executed either in parallel or in some order depending on the available threads in the pool.

In general, the max/min/avg slice time captures statistics across all slices for a timing type. For example, when profiling aggregations, the `max_slice_time_in_nanos` field in the `aggregations` section shows the maximum time consumed by the aggregation operation and its children across all slices. 

#### Example response

> The following is an example response for a concurrent search with three segment slices:

Reviewer 2: Should we mention this response has profile enabled?

Author: This file is the Profile API documentation and it states in the very beginning that you have to set `profile` to `true` in order to get these responses.

Reviewer 3: @ticheng-aws are any of these response fields gated by the concurrent search feature flag? If so I think we should call those out.

Reviewer 2: The new fields are not gated by the concurrent search feature flag.

              "build_leaf_collector_count": 3,
              "avg_reduce": 0,
              "min_collect_count": 1,
              "avg_build_leaf_collector_count": 1,
              "avg_build_leaf_collector": 4321197,
              "max_collect": 181266,
              "reduce": 0,
              "avg_build_aggregation": 954896,
              "min_post_collection": 1236,
              "max_initialize": 11603,
              "max_post_collection": 5350,
              "collect_count": 5,
              "avg_post_collection": 2793,
              "avg_initialize": 4860,
              "post_collection_count": 3,
              "build_leaf_collector": 4322299,
              "min_collect": 78519,
              "min_build_aggregation": 8543,
              "initialize": 11971068,
              "max_build_leaf_collector_count": 1,
              "min_reduce": 0,
              "collect": 181838
            },
            "debug": {
              "total_buckets": 1
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
</details>

### Modified or added response fields

The following sections contain definitions of all modified or added response fields for concurrent segment search.

> #### The `query` object

Reviewer 2: The `query` array

|Field	|Description	|
|:---	|:---	|
|`time_in_nanos`	|For concurrent segment search, `time_in_nanos` is the cumulative amount of time to execute all methods across all slices, in nanoseconds. This is not equivalent to the actual amount of time the query took to execute because it does not take into account that multiple slices can execute the methods in parallel.	|
|`breakdown.<method>`	|For concurrent segment search, this field contains the total amount of time taken by all segments to execute a method.	|

> |`<method>_count`	|For concurrent segment search, this field contains the total number of invocations of a `<method>` obtained by adding the number of method invocations for all segments.	|

Reviewer 2: nit: `breakdown.<method>_count`
